update brew command for kn (#4176)
knative/docs: docs/snippets/install-kn.md

>         For macOS, you can install `kn` by using [Homebrew](https://github.com/knative/homebrew-client){target=_blank}.

Reviewer: Is this still relevant?

Author: I created an issue in the homebrew-client repo https://github.com/knative/homebrew-client/issues/32 and I will updated this PR.

you are correct we don't need this homebrew client repo

Author: I replaced the URL with the one of brew main page.

>         For macOS, you can install `kn` by using [Homebrew](https://github.com/knative/homebrew-client){target=_blank}.

Author: ```suggestion
        For macOS, you can install `kn` by using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/){target=_blank}.
```
